[Docs] Refine migration.md and translate it (#544)
open-mmlab/mmselfsup: docs/en/migration.md

    init_cfg=...)
```

> **NOTE:** `data_preprocessor` can be defined outside the model dict, which has higher priority than it in model dict. For example:

Reviewer: What is higher priority?

Author: [Runner](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/mmengine/runner/runner.py#L450) can get key `data_preprocessor` in cfg directly and merge it to [cfg.model](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/mmengine/runner/runner.py#L401)

> **NOTE:** `data_preprocessor` can be defined outside the model dict, which has higher priority than it in model dict. For example:

Reviewer: Better explain what ``higher priority`` means

2. Changes in **`lr_config`**:

- The `lr_config` field is removed and we use new `param_scheduler` to replace it.

> - The `warmup` related arguments are removed, since we use schedulers combination to implement this functionality. The new schedulers combination mechanism is very flexible, and you can use it to design many kinds of learning rate / momentum curves. See [the tutorial](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/param_scheduler.html) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `warmup` related arguments are removed, since we use a separate lr scheduler to implement this functionality. These introduced lr schedulers are very flexible, and you can use them to design many kinds of learning rate / momentum curves. See [the tutorial](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/param_scheduler.html) for more details.
```
